1.  list all of the new annotations you learned to your annotations.md

    > Done. CHUWA0910/ShortQuestions/hw50/annotations.md 

2.  Document the microservice architeture and components/tools/dependencies

    > Spring Cloud -> API Gateway -> Eureka (registry) -> LoadBalance -> Hystrix Circuit breaker -> Config Server -> Kafka -> Docker

3.  What are Resilience patterns? What is circuit breaker?

    > Resilience patterns: way to help prevent cascading and otherwise catastrophic microservices application failures. 
    > Time out: a time out preventsa microservice from waiting too long for another microservice. 
    > Circuit breaker: If a system call results in an error, the circuit breaker is opened and doesn't allow any calls to pass through. 

4.  Read this article, then list the important questions, then write your answers 
    a. https://www.interviewbit.com/microservices-interview-questions/#main-features-of-microservices

    > Q: What are the benefits and drawbacks of Microservices?
    > A: Benefits: 
    > * Self-contained, independent deployment module. 
    > * A greater degree of scalability and agility.
    > Drawbacks: 
    > * Due to the complexity of the architecture, testing and monitoring are more difficult.
    > * Complex development.  
    
    > Q: Write difference between Monolithic, SOA and Microservices Architecture.
    > A: Monolithic: all the software components of an application are bundled together tightly. SOA (Service-Oriented Architecture), it is a group of services interacting or communicating with each other. Microservice: it involves structuring an application in the form of a cluster of small, autonomous services modeled around business domain. 

    > Q: Explain how independent microservices communicate with each other.
    > A: (1) HTTP/Rest (2) Websockets for streaming (3) a broker server program like RabbitMQ, Kafka. 

5.  how to do load balance in microservice? Write a long Summary by yourself.
    a. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/load-balancer-system-design-interview-question/
    b. https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/load-balancing-interview-questions

    > load balance is a way to dispatch request for the server to make the system works fluently and to avoid the several problems. Like Single Point of Failure, one server goes down, the whole application will be interrupted, and Overloaded Servers, request may overload the capacity of server. 
    > Different Categories of LB: (1) L4 Load Balancer: Network Load Balancing (2) L7 Load Balancer: Application load balancer or HTTP Load Balancer. (3) Global Server Load Balancing: Clouad LB. 
    > Algorithms of LB: Round Robin, Weighted Round Robin, Least Connection Mehtod 
    > Reverse Proxy Server: a feature of a load banlance. 

6.  How to do service discovery?

    > Eureka register service by serviceid, monitor service health status, auto-register new services
    > Replication: service discovery must be implemented in a way that a failure of one server does not cause the entire service discovery to fail.
    > Crash detection: Eureka expects the microservices to regularly send heartbeats. 

7. What are the major components of Kafka?

    > Topic: a table base in sql. 
    > Partition: the pipeline for the topic. 
    > offset: identitify which partition can go. 
    > Broker: a server, has a lot of topics. 

8.  What do you mean by a Partition in Kafka?

    > a topic can have a lot of partition, each partition is just a queue. 

9.  What do you mean by zookeeper in Kafka and what are its uses?

    > Zookeeper is a manager for the brokers. It can control the brokers that choose leader, and send notifications to Kafa. 

10. Can we use Kafka without Zookeeper?

    > Yes, in the newest version, you can run Kafka without Zookeeper. 

11. Explain the concept of Leader and Follower in Kafka.

    > In general, one for topic with multiple partition, it will have a leader, the leader will receive and serve data. The other partition will replicate the data from the leader. 

12. Why is Topic Replication important in Kafka? What do you mean by ISR in Kafka?

    > Topic Replication can increase the fault tolerance and data durability. 
    > ISA: In-Sync Replicas which can copy data from the leader to ensure the topic replication. 

13. What do you understand about a consumer group in Kafka?

    > consumer group is consumers with same functionality. 

14. How do you start a Kafka server?

    > With zookeeper, run the zookeeper with its property first, and then run the Kafka with its property. 
    > Without zookeeper, run the Kafka with its non-zookeeper property. 

15. Tell me about some of the real-world usages of Apache Kafka.

    > Log and Event Streaming, Data integration, Real-time Analytics, IoT. 

16. Describe partitioning key in Kafka.

    > In general, partition key can be used to identify which partition to locate. 

17.  What is the purpose of partitions in Kafka?

    > Parallelism: can do the load balance. 
    > Scalability: topic can enable the scalability. 
    > Fault Tolerance: if one paritition failed, it can go another one. 

18. Differentiate between Rabbitmq and Kafka.

    > RabbitMQ is more strict and follows the AMQP standard, reliable queuing and routing. 
    > Kafka is a distributed streaming platofrm for high-throughout. 

20. What are the guarantees that Kafka provides?

    > Messages are appended to a topic-partiion in the order they are sent; 
    > Consumers read messages in the order stored in a topic-partition
    > With a replication factor of N, producers and consumers can tolerate up to N-1 brkers being down. 

21. What do you mean by an unbalanced cluster in Kafka? How can you balance it?

    > An unbalanced cluster in Apache Kafka refers to a situation where the distribution of data, partitions, or brokers across the Kafka cluster is uneven. This imbalance can result in certain brokers or partitions being overloaded while others are underutilized. An unbalanced cluster can lead to performance issues, increased latencies, and potential operational problems.
    > Reassign Partitions. Adjust Topic Confiuration. 

22. In your recent project, are you a producer or consumer or both?

    > Both producer and consumer. 

23. In your recent project, Could you tell me your topic name?

    > Task

24. In your recent project, How many brokers do you have? How many partitions for each topic? How many data for each topic.

    > Only one, 3 partitions for each topic. 0 data for each topic

25. In your recent project, which team produce what kind of event to you and you producer what kind of events?

    > the central produce data to start or close the operation. 

26. What is offset?

    > only have a meaning for a specific partition

