1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

    > Done. hw45-SpringSecurity/annotations.md 

2.  What is the authentication?

    > Authentication: is a way to proof the identity like password, token or the other way to provide you have the right to access data/service. 

3.  What is the authorization?
   
    > Authorization: is a way to give the right to user/customers to access specific data/service as a principal. 

4.  What is the difference between authentication and authorization?

    > Authentication is from the user/customers to proof their legitmance. Authorization: is from server to give users right to access. 

5.  What is HTTP Session?
   
    > a data contianer to store important data from user in server. 

6.  What is Cookie? 

    > a data container to store data or tokens on the side of user. 

7.  What is the difference between Session and Cookie?

    > Session contians more secret and important data. Session is in server, Cookie is in clinet. 

8.  How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application? 

    > In cookie, in general, it will have JID like a token to represent the Session info in the server. It will send it for server to access data in server. 

9.  What is JWT?

    > Json Web Token. It is a token for server to send to client to record data. 

10. What is the spring security filter?

    > It is the first step for the spring security. To check the the username, passsword and token. 

11. decribe how do JWT work(slides 里有图， 26页)

    > JWT has three parts. Header, payload, and signature. In general, the signature is the encoded version of the first two part. it will be sent to the user. and user will send to server every time to verify the authority. 

12. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?

    > BCryptPasswordEncoder. 

13. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?(把这几个名字看熟悉也行)
    
    > `UserDetailService`: is to load the user from local or from database. 
    > `AuthenticationProvider`: An AuthenticationProvider is responsible for authenticating a user based on the provided credentials (username and password). It performs the actual authentication and returns an Authentication object representing the authenticated user if successful. Spring Security can have multiple authentication providers, and they are used in a chain to try different methods of authentication, such as username/password, JWT, etc.
    > `AuthenticationManager`: is a core component of Spring Security that orchestrates the authentication process. It takes an Authentication object as input and delegates the authentication to one or more AuthenticationProvider instances. It loops through the providers until one of them successfully authenticates the user, at which point it returns an authenticated Authentication object.
    > `AuthenticationFilter`: is a component that handles the authentication process in the context of web-based applications. Spring Security provides various filters, such as UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter, JwtAuthenticationFilter, and more, to perform authentication based on the type of authentication mechanism you're using. 

14. What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?

    > If it is in one node, it may not be able to access by the other node. 
    > Built up a shared database for all nodes. 

15. how to get value from application.properties?

    > `@Value()` can get data from the application.properties. 

16. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?

    > `configure(HttpSecurity http)` is for authroization. Like allow which kind of data be used in the html. 
    > `configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)` is to do the authentication, to authenticate the user. 

17.  What is Spring security authentication and authorization ? 

    > It is same as authentication and authorization. 

18.  Optional
19.  Reading. https://www.interviewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-concern