1.  List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md

    > Done. ShortQuestions/hw47/annotations.md

2.  what is selenium?

    > It is a simlation program to simulate the user's behaviors, such as click, login. 

3.  what is cucumber?

    > It is another software, for behavior-driven development for test. 

4.  what is JMeter?

    > a program to send thousands calls to your server for load test. 

5.  What is the lifecircle of Junit?

    > Class level Setup -> Setup -> test excution -> cleanup -> class level cleanup 
    > @BeforeAll        -> @BeforeEach -> @Test   -> @AfterEach ->  @AfterAll 

6.  Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?

    > Yes, it should be static. If you don't make it static, it wont be used. 

7. What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?  what kind of tools can give help?

    > Mockito is a tool for us to mimic some class or object. It cannot mimic static/final/private method. By using PowerMockito, you can do that. 

8.  What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?

    > @Mock is for mock a class. @InjectMocks is for some class needed injection, and provide our mock class. 

9.  What is the stubbing (define behaviors)?

    > stubbing refers to process of defining the expected behavior. In Mockito, you just use `Mockito.when().thenReturn()` like that for you to return value you want. 

10. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers

    > It is in the Mockito during stubbing, it can tells what kind of argument you want to insert for defining the procedure. 

11. what is Hamcrest Matchers

    > Hamcrest Matchers is another for assertions, which make it easy and simple. 

12. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?

    > @spy is a real class with all normal functions. But you can stub certain result if you want/ 
    > @Mock is not a real class, it doesn't have logic in that, if you don't define the functionality it will only return null. 

13. What is assertion?

    > It is assertion for test to make sure the response/ output is correct. 

14. If you have developed a new feature, how many types of tests for this feature? and what kind of tests are written by you? what is the purpose of each type of tests?

    > Unit test. Test each public functionality. (SDE)
    > Integration Test. Test feature's functionality. Write test plan, and test scenarios. (SDE)
    > Load Test. Test how many calls for the server for the feature. 
    > Press Test. Test the functionality under high pressure situation. 
    > User Acceptance Test. Test the user can accept the feature or not (SDE with PM)

15. Add unit test for CommentServiceImpl, the coverage should be 100%.

    > Done. Coding/redbook-blog/src/test/java/com/chuwa/redbookblog/service/impl/CommentServiceImplTest.java

16. write Integration tests for PostController. The tests should cover all scenaarios. 

    > Done. Coding/redbook-blog/src/test/java/com/chuwa/redbookblog/controller/PostControllerTest.java
