1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

2.  Type the Comment feature for the class project. 
   
    https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/blob/06_mapper-exception/src/main/java/com/chuwa/redbook/controller/CommentController.java

    
3.  In postman, call of the APIs in PostController and CommentController.
4.  what is JPA? and what is Hibernate?
5.  What is Hiraki? what is the benefits of connection pool?
6.  What is the  @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, @ManyToMany? write some examples.
7. What is the  cascade = CascadeType.ALL, orphanRemoval = true? and what are the other CascadeType and their features? In which situation we choose which one?
8.  What is the  fetch = FetchType.LAZY, fetch = FetchType.EAGER? what is the difference? In which situation you choose which one?
9.  What is the rule of JPA naming convention? Shall we implement the method by ourselves? Could you list some examples?
10. Try to use JPA advanced methods in your class project. In the repository layer, you need to use the naming convention to use the method provided by JPA.
11. (Optional) Check out a new branch(https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/hw02_01_jdbcTemplate) from branch 02_post_RUD, replace the dao layer using JdbcTemplate.
12. (Optional) use JDBC to read the data from database.
13. type the code, you need to checkout new branch from branch 02_post_RUD, name the new branch with https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/hw05_01_slides_JPQL.
14. What is JPQL?
15. What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?
16. What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?
17.  What is HQL and Criteria Queries?
18. What is EnityManager?
19. What is SessionFactory and Session?
20. What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?