1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

    > Done. /ShortQuestions/hw43/annotations.md

2.  What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?

    > Spring is a java-based framework with several powerful tools. For the Springboot is an extension of Spring to simplify the procedure of setup, configuration. 

3.  What is IOC and What is DI?

    > IOC is a container to hold beans. There are two types of IOC container. The first one is BeanFactory to create Bean. TAnd the second one is to create/wiring and registration and hold. 

4.  What is  @CompnonentScan?

    > @ComponentScan is to make the current project become a springboot proejct 

5.  How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton? 

    > in xml, you can write `<context::component-scan base-package="xxxx"` to scan "xxxx" as the springboot. 
    > By annotation directly write on the class `@ComponentScan(basePackages = "xxxxx")`

6.  What is  @SpringbootApplication?

    > it is a combination of `@Configuration @EnableAutoCOnfiuration @Component Scan`


7. How many ways wo can define a bean?

    > `@Bean`
    > `@Component @Service @Controller @ServiceAdvice @Repository ...`
    > By xml like problem 15. 

8.  What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean?

    > class name. 

9.  What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository?

    > `@component` a basic annotation. 
    > `@Service` a business logic annotation 
    > `@Repository` a model logic annotation 


10.  How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?

    > `@Autowired` for a class varaibale 
    > public construction 


11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?

    > `@Autowired` for a class varaibale 
    > public construction 
    > setter injection
    > construction is better, good for de-coupling. 

12.  If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.

    > `@Qualifier` > `@Primary` > By name > by type 

13.  What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?

    > Beanfactory only create the bean, but applicationcontext hold the bean. 

14.  What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.

    > singleton: a single instance per Spring IoC
    > prototype:  single bean definition of number of obejct instances 
    > request: in HTTP request, each request is a bean. 
    > session: a HTTP session. with time limit. 
    > global-session: a global http session 

15.  Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class) 
   
   > In the xml, when you construct the bean, you can use the `<constructor-arg value="parameter value"/>` to write it for each parameter. If the construction need the other object. You can use the `ref` in the `<cosntructor-arg>` 
    ```xml 
        <bean id="example"
        class="com.chuwa.springbasic.components.impl.Data.example">
        <constructor-arg value="first parameter value"/>
        <constructor-arg ref="otherBean"/>
        </bean>
    ``` 