### HW11
1. See [README.md](./README.md) under [ShortQuestions/hw1](.).
2. Git commands I learned:
    ```
    git init
    git add <file>
    git commit -m "msg"
    git push origin/<branch>
    git stash
    git pull
    git stash pop
    git remote -v
    git remote add <url>
    git branch
    git checkout -b <branch>
    git push --set-upstream origin <branch>
    git merge
    ```
3. `cd <local_path>` and do `git init`.
4. Copy http link from website, `cd <local_path>` and `git clone <github_https_link>`.
5. `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
6. `git checkout master` then `git merge branch_test`.
7. `git stash` before you leave and `git stash pop` after you're back. In IntelliJ, go to 'Git' tab and find 
corresponding tabs.
8. You can only raise pull request (as merge request) from your branch to another branch so that another branch, 
say `master`, can merge your update to their code.
9. Maven helps Java developers to build, manage dependencies, document and report for their Java projects. (Node.js 
developers will use an equivalent tool called NPM).
10. Maven lifecycle:
+ Clean: clean artifacts. 
- Validate: all needed resources exist for build.
* Compile: build Java project.
* Test: test compiled project with unit testing framework.
* Package: create JAR.
* Verify: test with integration testing.
* Install: copy jar to maven local repo so jar can be used by other projects.
* Deploy: deploy jar to maven remote repo to share with other developers.
11. Package creaes JAR while install copies JAR to local repo.
12. They are action items so that you can reuse a block of build logic. Common maven plugins are surefire for unit 
testing, cobertura for unit testing coverage, liquibase for db migrations etc. (reference: 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2616397/be).
13. Check out [Repo/MavenProject](../../Repo/MavenProject/hw11).
14. Check comments [here](https://github.com/Liam-Zhou/Chuwa0910/pull/366) .