1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md

    > Done. ShortQuestions/hw46/annotations.md 

2.  Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-interview-questions

    > Done. 

3.  What is the Aspect Oriented Programming

    > It is a way to cutting different class to adding function. 

4.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?

    > Pro: (1) Resuability. (2) Decoupling.
    > Cons: (1) Complexity. (2) Limited Cross-Cutting Concerns

5.  What is Aspect in Spring AOP?

    > class to define all aop self methods 

6.  What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?

    > expression to find all main application methods to insert advice. 

7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?

    > joinPoint is the function we are cutting/going through. 

8.  What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?

    > Advice is functionality for the other function is procceed or is going to proceed. Like exception. 

9.  Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview

    > Done. 

10. When to use Spring Batch?

    > a lightweight comprehensive batch framework to deal with large amount of data. 

11. How Spring Batch works?

    > one `batch` has on `job` and one `job` consists of multiple `steps` like `itemReader` to `itemProcessor` to `itemWriter`. One `JobLauncher` to start the the batc.

12. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?

    > Using cron  liked `@Scheduled(cron= "")`

13. What is the cron expression?

    > "* * * * * *" Seconds,Minutes,Hours,Day of Month, Day of Week, Year. 
    > `?` Every. 
    > `/x` every x(unit) to start.
    > `x,y` x and y. 
    > `x-y` from x to y. 


14. What is the spring task?

    > a clock 

15. When to use Spring task? 

    > For some specific functionality which need time to check. 

16. What is Filter and any filter example?

    > filter is a layer before servlet. 
    > Authentication Filters
    > Logging and Auditing Filters
    > Image conversion Filters
    > Data compression Filters
    > Encryption Filters
    > Tokenizing Filters
    > Filters that trigger resource access events
    > XSL/T filters
    > Mime-type chain Filter

17.  What is the Interceptor? What we can do with interceptor?

    > Interceptor is another layer before controller and after servlet. You can do soming thing like log, and package for responder. 

18. In Interceptor, What is preHandle? What is postHandle?

    > `preHandle` is the function hasn't been proceeded.
    > `postHandle` is the function has been proceeded. 

19. What is Swagger?

    > a package to wrap the api or test the api. 
