1. create a file to list all of the annotaitons you learned and known, and explain the usage and how do you understand it. you need to update it when you learn a new annotation. Please organize those annotations well, like annotations used by entity, annotations used by controller. 
   
    > Done. ShortQuestions/hw40/annotations.md

2.  explain how the below annotaitons specify the table in databa
    ```Java
    @Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'")
    private String name;
    @Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)
    private String studentName;
    ```

    > The annotation `@Column(name)` indicates the attribute name in sql, you can also have some parameters to set data different like nullable, unique, or using columnDefinition to write specific sql notes 

3. What is the default column names of the table in database for `@Column` ?
   ```Java
    @Column
    private String firstName;
    @Column
    private String operatingSystem;
   ```

    >  By default JPA uses the field name as the database table column name. We can use Column annotation to change the default valu


4. What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?

   > 1. Presentation Layer: translate the JSON, and do the autehntication 
   > 2. Business Layer: Control the Business Logic, Validation 
   > 3. Persistence Layer: Control the storagic Logic 
   > 4. Database: Actual Database 

5. Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.

   > 1. From postman to controller: will translate the api call to specific function 
   > 2. Fron controller to service: it will start to do the business layer, have business logic 
   > 3. From Service to DAO: it will call DAO, to do the storage for the backend. 

6. What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml
   
    > For application.properties, is to store some default data for program to run such as port, some connection between project and db. 
    > As well as Java properties files, we can also use YAML-based configuration files in our Spring Boot application. YAML is a convenient format for specifying hierarchical configuration data.

7. Create a Project, name it with mongo-blog, write a POST API for mongo-blog, change database to MongoDB

    > Done. Coding/hw40/ 