1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md.

2. What is the authentication?

    Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user, system, or service. It ensures that the entity—whether a person, a computer, or an application—is who or what it claims to be before granting access to a particular resource, service, or system.

3. What is the authorization?

    Authorization is the process that comes after authentication and involves granting or denying access to specific resources based on an authenticated user's privileges or permissions. It determines what users can and cannot do within a system or application. Authorization mechanisms enforce security policies, ensuring that users only access resources and perform actions they're permitted to.

4. What is the difference between authentication and authorization?

    1. Phase:
       
       Authentication is the initial phase ensuring that the user is genuine, while authorization is the second phase deciding the level of access for an authenticated user.

    2. Concern:

       Authentication is concerned with identity verification, while authorization is concerned with permission and access control.

    3. Outcome:

       The outcome of authentication is the verification of identity. The outcome of authorization is granting or denying access to resources.

    4. Tools/Elements:

       Authentication uses credentials like passwords, OTPs, biometric data. Authorization involves permissions, roles, and policies.

    5. Errors/Issues:

       Failure in authentication leads to identity verification issues. Failure in authorization leads to permission and access issues.

5. What is HTTP Session?

    An HTTP session is a sequence of network request-response transactions. In the context of a web browser and web server, it's a way to store user data and make it available across multiple web pages during a user’s visit to a website. Each user has a unique session, and data stored in one user's session is not available to another user's session.

    Key Components of HTTP Session:
    
    1. Session Creation:
       
       When a user visits a web application for the first time, a unique session ID is created. This ID is then exchanged between the client and server for identification and tracking.
    
    2. Session ID:
       
       It is a unique identifier assigned to a user during their visit. It helps the server identify and provide specific data to that particular user.

    3. Session Storage:
       
       User-related data, like preferences, authentication status, and other data, are stored either on the client-side or server-side. This storage is temporary and often expires after a set time or when the user logs out or closes the browser.
    
    4. Session Expiration:
       
       Sessions aren't meant to last indefinitely; they have a specific lifetime, after which they expire. This helps in security and efficient memory management.
    
    5. Cookies:
       
       Sessions often utilize cookies (small files stored on the user's device) to store session IDs. It aids in maintaining the state between requests since HTTP is stateless.

6. What is Cookie?

    A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on our computers or mobile devices. The cookie allows the website to "remember" your actions or preferences over time. Cookies can be an essential part of the web browsing experience, enabling websites to offer personalized, responsive, and efficient service.

7. What is the difference between Session and Cookie?

    1. Storage Location:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Cookies are stored on the client's browser.
       - They can be accessed and manipulated by both the server and client-side scripts.
       
       Session:
       
       - Session data is stored on the server.
       - The client’s browser stores a session ID that is used to retrieve the stored data. The actual data is not exposed to the client side.

    2. Lifespan:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Cookies have a specific expiry time. They can be made to last for months or even years unless deleted by the user or the application.
       
       Session:
       
       - Sessions are temporary and expire after a predefined time of inactivity or when the browser is closed.

    3. Data Capacity:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Cookies have a size limit (typically up to 4KB per cookie).
       
       Session:
       
       - Sessions can store larger amounts of data as it is held on the server. The limitation is defined by the server’s capacity.
    
    4. Data Security:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Less secure since the data is stored on the user’s browser. It can potentially be accessed or manipulated maliciously.
       
       Session:
       
       - More secure as data is stored on the server. The client only holds a session ID, not the actual data.
    
    5. Accessibility:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Cookies can be accessed by both server and client-side scripts.
       
       Session:
       
       - Session data is accessible only from the server-side.

    6. Performance:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Might slightly degrade performance because cookie data is sent with every HTTP request made to the server.
       
       Session:
       
       - Can offer better performance since no data is sent along with requests, only the session ID.
    
    7. Use Cases:
       
       Cookie:
       
       - Suitable for storing small amounts of non-sensitive data, like user preferences or items in a shopping cart.
       
       Session:
       
       - Suitable for storing sensitive or large amounts of data, like user authentication credentials or temporary data needed across multiple pages.

8. How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across  the application?

    Using HTTP Session:
    
    1. User Logs In:

       - User credentials are verified.
       - Upon successful verification, a session is created.

    2. Session ID:

       - A unique session ID is generated and sent to the client.
    
    3. Storing Session Data:

       - The session ID is stored as a cookie on the client’s browser, and user information is stored on the server, linked with the session ID.
    
    4. Subsequent Requests:

       - For subsequent requests, the session ID is sent to the server, and the server retrieves the associated user data.
    
    5. Logging Out:

       - The session is invalidated, and the client’s session ID cookie is deleted.
    
    ```
    @Controller
    public class MyController {

       @PostMapping("/login")
       public String login(@RequestParam String username, 
                        @RequestParam String password, 
                        HttpSession session) {
          // authenticate user
          if (authenticated(username, password)) {
             session.setAttribute("username", username);
             return "dashboard";
          }
          return "login";
       }

       @GetMapping("/dashboard")
       public String dashboard(HttpSession session) {
          if (session.getAttribute("username") != null) {
             return "dashboard";
          }
          return "redirect:/login";
       }
    
       private boolean authenticated(String username, String password) {
          // Authentication logic here
          return true; // This is just a placeholder
       }
    }
    ```

    Using Cookies:
    
    1. User Logs In:

       - User credentials are verified.
       - A cookie containing user information or a unique identifier is created.

    2. Storing Cookies:

       - The cookie is stored on the client's browser.
    
    3. Subsequent Requests:

       - The cookie is sent with every request. The server reads the cookie to identify the user.
    
    ```
    @Controller
    public class MyController {
    
       @PostMapping("/login")
       public String login(@RequestParam String username, 
                        @RequestParam String password, 
                        HttpServletResponse response) {
          // authenticate user
          if (authenticated(username, password)) {
             Cookie cookie = new Cookie("username", username);
             response.addCookie(cookie);
             return "dashboard";
          }
          return "login";
       }

       @GetMapping("/dashboard")
       public String dashboard(@CookieValue(value = "username", required = false) String username) {
          if (username != null) {
             return "dashboard";
          }
          return "redirect:/login";
       }

       private boolean authenticated(String username, String password) {
          // Authentication logic here
          return true; // This is just a placeholder
       }
    }
    ```

9. What is JWT?

    JWT stands for JSON Web Token. It is a compact, URL-safe means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties. The claims in a JWT are encoded as a JSON object that is used as the payload of a JSON Web Signature (JWS) structure or as the plaintext of a JSON Web Encryption (JWE) structure, enabling the claims to be digitally signed or integrity protected with a Message Authentication Code (MAC) and/or encrypted.

10. What is the spring security filter?



11. Decribe how do JWT work.

    1. User Authentication:
       
       - Login: The user logs in using their username/password or another authentication mechanism.
       - Verification: The server verifies the user's credentials.

    2. Token Creation:
       
       - Claims: If the credentials are valid, the server creates a JWT that encodes user information (claims). These claims often include the user ID and any roles or permissions, among other data. This information is then signed by the server.
       - Signature: The server signs the JWT using a secret key.

    3. Token Issuance:
       
       - Sending Token: The server sends this token to the client.
    
    4. Client Storage:
       
       - Storing Token: The client stores the JWT, often in local storage or a cookie.
    
    5. Making Requests:
       
       - Attaching Token: For subsequent requests, the client attaches the JWT in the request headers.
    
    6. Server Verification:
       
       - Token Verification: The server verifies the JWT signature. If it's valid, it processes the request.
       - Authorization: The server uses the claims in the JWT to determine if the client is authorized to perform the requested operation.
    
    7. Processing Request:
       
       - Access Granted: If the JWT is valid and the user is authorized, the server processes the request and sends a response back to the client.

12. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?

    In the Context of Spring Security:
    
    Spring Security provides several password encoders that you can use to encode passwords. The PasswordEncoder interface is implemented by these encoders. Here are some of the encoders provided by Spring Security:

    1. BCrypt Password Encoder:
       
       This is one of the most commonly used password encoders. It uses the BCrypt strong hashing function to hash passwords.
       
       ```
       import org.springframework.security.crypto.bcrypt.BCryptPasswordEncoder;

       public class PasswordEncodingExample {

          public static void main(String[] args) {
             BCryptPasswordEncoder encoder = new BCryptPasswordEncoder();
             String rawPassword = "mysecretpassword";
             String encodedPassword = encoder.encode(rawPassword);
             System.out.println(encodedPassword);
          }
       }
       ```
    
    2. Pbkdf2 Password Encoder:
       
       This encoder uses the PBKDF2 (Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2) hashing function to hash passwords.
       
       ```
       import org.springframework.security.crypto.password.Pbkdf2PasswordEncoder;

       public class PasswordEncodingExample {

          public static void main(String[] args) {
             Pbkdf2PasswordEncoder encoder = new Pbkdf2PasswordEncoder();
             String rawPassword = "mysecretpassword";
             String encodedPassword = encoder.encode(rawPassword);
             System.out.println(encodedPassword);
          }
       }
       ```

13. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider? AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?

    1. UserDetailsService
       
       UserDetailsService is an interface in Spring Security that is used to retrieve the user’s authentication and authorization information. It is mainly used to create a UserDetails object, which is required by the Spring Security framework to handle security-specific functionalities. An implementation of UserDetailsService will be used to create a UserDetails object from different sources of security data like JDBC, LDAP, etc.
      
       ```
       @Service
       public class MyUserDetailsService implements UserDetailsService {

          @Override
          public UserDetails loadUserByUsername(String username) throws UsernameNotFoundException {
             // Logic to fetch user from the database based on username
             // and create a UserDetails object
             return new User("username", "password", new ArrayList<>());
          }
       }
       ```
    
    2. AuthenticationProvider
       
       AuthenticationProvider is a component that Spring Security uses to validate the user’s authentication. It has a method authenticate() that takes an Authentication object as a parameter and uses it to check the user’s username and password against the stored user’s credentials. If the authentication is successful, it returns a fully populated Authentication object; otherwise, it throws an exception.
       
       ```
       @Component
       public class MyAuthenticationProvider implements AuthenticationProvider {

          @Override
          public Authentication authenticate(Authentication authentication) throws AuthenticationException {
             String username = authentication.getName();
             String password = authentication.getCredentials().toString();
             // Logic to validate the provided username and password
             return new UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken(username, password, new ArrayList<>());
          }

          @Override
          public boolean supports(Class<?> authentication) {
             return authentication.equals(UsernamePasswordAuthenticationToken.class);
          }
       }
       ```
    
    3. AuthenticationManager
       
       AuthenticationManager is an interface in Spring Security used to authenticate the user's credentials. It takes an Authentication request object as input and returns a fully authenticated object with user details if the authentication is successful. If authentication fails, it throws an AuthenticationException. It can have multiple AuthenticationProviders to support different types of authentication mechanisms.
      
      ```
      @Bean
      public AuthenticationManager customAuthenticationManager() throws Exception {
         return authentication -> {
            // Custom logic to authenticate the user
            return null;
         };
      }
      ```
   
   4. AuthenticationFilter
      
      AuthenticationFilter in Spring Security is a filter used to handle user authentication requests. It intercepts specific authentication requests, extracts user credentials (like username and password) from the request, and passes them to an AuthenticationManager. If the authentication is successful, it allows the request to proceed; otherwise, it blocks the request.
      
      ```
      public class JwtAuthenticationFilter extends UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter {

         @Override
         public Authentication attemptAuthentication(HttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response) {
            // Logic to extract username and password and create an Authentication object
            // Invoke AuthenticationManager to validate the user credentials
            return super.attemptAuthentication(request, response);
         }

         @Override
         protected void successfulAuthentication(HttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response,
                                            FilterChain chain, Authentication authResult) {
            // Logic to handle successful authentication, e.g., generating JWT
         }
      }
      ```
      
14. What is the disadvantage of Session? How to overcome the disadvantage?

    1. Scalability Issues:
       
       - Problem: If the session data is stored on a single server, it can lead to scalability issues when there is a need to serve a large number of users. This can also become a problem if the server crashes, leading to a loss of session data.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Use distributed session management where session data is shared across multiple servers.
         - Store session data in a centralized data store that all application instances can access.

    2. Memory Usage:
       
       - Problem: Storing a lot of data in the session can consume a significant amount of server memory. This can impact the performance of the server and the application.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Limit the amount of data stored in the session.
         - Use a database or cache to store session data.

    3. Security Concerns:
       
       - Problem: Sessions can be hijacked or eavesdropped if not properly secured, leading to security vulnerabilities.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Use HTTPS to encrypt data transmitted between the client and server.
         - Implement security measures like session timeout, IP checks, and regeneration of session ID after login.

    4. Load Balancing:
       
       - Problem: In a load-balanced environment, if a user’s subsequent request is directed to a different server than where the session was initiated, the session data may not be available leading to a loss of session state.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Use sticky sessions where a user sticks to the same server for the duration of the session.
         - Implement session replication where session data is shared across all servers in the cluster.
    
    5. Single Point of Failure:
       
       - Problem: If the server holding the session data crashes, the session data is lost.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Implement session persistence mechanisms to store session data externally, e.g., in a database or distributed cache.
         - Regularly backup session data.
    
    6. Session Fixation Attacks:
       
       - Problem: Session fixation is a class of Session Hijacking, where an attacker fixes a user’s session ID known to him, and this session ID is then used to gain unauthorized access to a system.
       
       - Solution:
         
         - Regenerate session ID after login.
         - Utilize tokens or other mechanisms to verify the identity of the user constantly.
    
    7. Alternative to Sessions - Token-Based Authentication (e.g., JWT):
       
       - Statelessness: Token-based authentication (like JWT) is stateless. Each request from a client to a server must contain all the information needed to understand and process the request. 
       
       - Scalability: Since it's stateless, it scales more easily, and there's no need for distributed session storage or sticky sessions.
       
       - Security: Tokens can be generated and expired after a certain time, reducing the risk of attacks.
       
       - Flexibility: Tokens can be used across multiple platforms (web, mobile, etc.), and they can be easily passed along with various microservices or APIs.
       
       - Using tokens reduces the need for sessions, although each approach has its own set of considerations, and the best choice often depends on the specific needs and constraints of our application and infrastructure.

15. How to get value from application.properties?

    1. Using @Value Annotation:
       
       We can use the @Value annotation to inject property values into fields in our beans.
       
       
       application.properties:
       ```
       app.name=MyApp
       app.version=1.0
       ```
       
       Java Class:
       ```
       import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Value;
       import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;

       @Component
       public class MyComponent {

          @Value("${app.name}")
          private String appName;

          @Value("${app.version}")
          private String appVersion;

          // getters and setters
       }
       ```
 
    2. Using @ConfigurationProperties:
       
       This approach is more suitable for type-safe configuration, especially when dealing with nested properties. We need to create a POJO that binds to the properties.

       application.properties:
       ```
       app.name=MyApp
       app.version=1.0
       ```

       Configuration Properties Class:
       ```
       import org.springframework.boot.context.properties.ConfigurationProperties;
       import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;

       @Component
       @ConfigurationProperties(prefix = "app")
       public class AppConfig {

          private String name;
          private String version;

          // getters and setters
       }
       ```
       
       Registering ConfigurationProperties Beans in the Context:
       Application Class:
       ```
       import org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication;
       import org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.SpringBootApplication;
       import org.springframework.boot.context.properties.EnableConfigurationProperties;

       @SpringBootApplication
       @EnableConfigurationProperties(AppConfig.class)
       public class Application {

          public static void main(String[] args) {
             SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
          }
       }
       ```

16. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?

    1. configure(HttpSecurity http)
       
       This method is used for configuring the HttpSecurity in the application. HttpSecurity allows configuring web-based security for specific http requests. By default, it will be applied to all requests, but it can be restricted using request matchers or other similar methods.

       Here's what can typically be configured using the configure(HttpSecurity http) method:

       - Authorization: It specifies which roles can access which parts of the application. For instance, some routes can be configured to be accessed only by users with specific roles.
       - Form Login: Configures form-based authentication. It allows specifying login page, success/failure handlers, and authentication endpoint, among other configurations.
       - Logout: It allows customizing the logout functionality, specifying a logout URL, logout success URL, and so on.
       - CSRF: Enables or disables cross-site request forgery protection.
       - Session Management: Configures session management, including session creation policies, session fixation protection, and concurrent session control.
       - Exception Handling: It helps to configure error handling mechanisms for authentication and authorization errors.
       
       ```
       @Override
       protected void configure(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception {
          http
             .authorizeRequests()
                .antMatchers("/admin/**").hasRole("ADMIN")
                .antMatchers("/user/**").hasAnyRole("ADMIN", "USER")
                .antMatchers("/public/**").permitAll()
                .anyRequest().authenticated()
                .and()
             .formLogin()
                .loginPage("/login")
                .permitAll()
                .and()
             .logout()
                .permitAll();
       }
       ```
    2. configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)
       
       This method is used for configuring user details services in the application. This is where we can specify where and how the user details are stored (in-memory, JDBC, LDAP, etc.). It’s mainly used to set up an AuthenticationManager, specifying the user details and their roles.

       Here's what can typically be configured using the configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) method:

       - In-memory Authentication: Configures an in-memory user store with the user's username, password, and roles.
       - JDBC Authentication: Configures authentication backed by a relational database. We can specify a data source, users query, authorities query, etc.
       - LDAP Authentication: Configures authentication backed by LDAP. It also supports various LDAP operations.
       - User Details Service: Configures a custom user details service. This is where we can plug in our own mechanism of retrieving users and their roles from the database or any other source.
       
       ```
       @Override
       protected void configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) throws Exception {
          auth
             .inMemoryAuthentication()
                .withUser("admin").password(passwordEncoder().encode("adminpass")).roles("ADMIN")
                .and()
             .withUser("user").password(passwordEncoder().encode("userpass")).roles("USER");
       }

       @Bean
       public PasswordEncoder passwordEncoder() {
          return new BCryptPasswordEncoder();
       }
       ```

17. (Optional)Assuming that the Redbook UI supports dark mode and multiple languages, when a user signs in, their preferences (such as dark-mode=true and lang=eng) will be read from the database. For the assignment, you can set a value like in the course materials; there is no need to actually read from a database. After signing in, observe the response header and cookie for related information. Continue calling other APIs and observe the request header or cookie for other information. After signing in, Spring Security will generate a session, and the JSESSIONID will be in the cookie. Try to obtain the session content through the JSESSIONID, and then log the session content using the log4j tool. Write the code based on the 08_04 branch.
    
    a. get cookie by HttpServletRequest
    
    b. Get cookie by @CookieValue