1. What is generic in Java? and type the generic code by yourself.a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t01_basic/generic2. <br>
The code in the Coding folder.<br>


2. Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. the push the code to yourbranch.https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t06_java83. <br>
The code in the Coding folder.<br>


3. practice stream API at least 3 timesa. https://blog.devgenius.io/15-practical-exercises-help-you-master-javastream-api-3f9c86b1cf824.<br>
The code in the Coding folder.<br>


4. Practice Optional methods at least 2 timesa. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/blob/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t06_java8/exercise/ShoppingCartUtil.java <br>
The code in the Coding folder.<br>


5. Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.<br>
Eager Loading:In eager loading, the Singleton instance is created as soon as the class is loaded, ensuring that it's available when needed<br>

```
public class SingletonEagerLoad {
    private static final SingletonEagerLoad instance = new SingletonEagerLoad();

    private SingletonEagerLoad() {
    }

    public static SingletonEagerLoad getInstance() {
        return instance;
    }
}
```
<br>
Lazy Loading:In lazy loading, the Singleton instance is created only when it's first requested.

```
public class SingletonLazyLoad {
    private static SingletonLazyLoad instance;

    private SingletonLazyLoad() {
        // Private constructor to prevent instantiation from other classes
    }

    public static SingletonLazyLoad getInstance() {
        if (instance == null) {
            instance = new SingletonLazyLoad();
        }
        return instance;
    }
}
```
<br>

6. What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?<br>
A runtime exception, also known as an unchecked exception, is an exception that occurs during the execution of a program at runtime, as opposed to compile-time exceptions that are detected by the compiler. Runtime exceptions are typically not explicitly declared or caught by the program and can lead to unexpected behavior or program termination if not handled properly. They usually indicate issues that occur during the program's execution, such as invalid data or runtime conditions.<br>


7. Could you give me one example of NullPointerException? 
```
    public class NullPointerExceptionExample {
        public static void main(String[] args) {
            String str = null; 
            int length = str.length();
            System.out.println("Length of the string: " + length);
        }
    }
```
<br>

8. What is the Optional class? <br>
The Optional class is a container class introduced in Java 8 as part of the Java Util package (java.util) to help address the issue of null values and reduce the occurrence of NullPointerExceptions. It's designed to provide a more expressive and safer way to handle cases where a value may be absent (i.e., it can be null). The primary purpose of the Optional class is to explicitly represent the presence or absence of a value without exposing nulls to the calling code. It encourages developers to write more robust and readable code by forcing them to acknowledge the possibility of a missing value and handle it explicitly.<br>


9. What are the advantages of using the Optional class?<br>
The Optional class is a feature introduced in Java 8 to handle the absence of a value without explicitly resorting to using null. It is a container object which may or may not contain a non-null value of some type. The advantages of using the Optional class include:Reduced Null Pointer Exceptions, Improved Code Readability,Avoids Defensive Checks,Enforces Explicit Handling,Functional Programming,Clear Intent<br>


10. What is the @FunctionalInterface? <br>
A functional interface is an interface that contains only one abstract method. They can have only one functionality to exhibit. From Java 8 onwards, lambda expressions can be used to represent the instance of a functional interface. A functional interface can have any number of default methods.<br>


11. What is lambda?<br>
A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.<br>


12. What is Method Reference?<br>
A method reference is the shorthand syntax for a lambda expression that contains just one method call. Here's the general syntax of a. Generic syntax: Method reference. A. To refer to a method in an object Object :: methodName.<br>


13. What is Java 8 new features?<br>
stream has been added in Java 8 to perform filter/map/reduce like operations with the collection. Stream API will allow sequential as well as parallel execution. This is one of the best features for me because I work a lot with Collections and usually with Big Data, we need to filter out them based on some conditions.<br>


14. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details? <br>
Lambda expressions can use variables defined in an outer scope. We refer to these lambdas as Capturing Lambdas. They can capture static variables, instance variables, and local variables, but only local variables must be final or effectively final (variable that never get changes after its initialization).
```
    int outer = 3;
    outer+=1; //outer changed
    Foo foo = () ->{
    System.out.println(outer); /*cannot complie and access outer as it is not final or effectively final*/
```
<br>

15. Describe the newly added features in Java 8? <br>
Lambda Expressions, a new language feature, has been introduced in this release. They enable you to treat functionality as a method argument, or code as data. Lambda expressions let you express instances of single-method interfaces (referred to as functional interfaces) more compactly.<br>


16. Can a functional interface extend/inherit another interface? <br>
It's just used to ensure that there is only one abstract method. A functional interface cannot extend another functional interface. A functional interface can contain any number of Object class methods.<br>


17. What is the lambda expression in Java and How does a lambda expression relate to a functional interface? <br>
In Java, Lambda expressions basically express instances of functional interfaces (An interface with a single abstract method is called a functional interface). Lambda Expressions in Java are the same as lambda functions which are the short block of code that accepts input as parameters and returns a resultant value.<br>


18. In Java 8, what is Method Reference? <br>
A method reference is the shorthand syntax for a lambda expression that contains just one method call. Here's the general syntax of a. Generic syntax: Method reference. A. To refer to a method in an object Object :: methodName.<br>


19. What does the String::ValueOf expression mean? <br>
valueOf() in Java is used to convert any non String variable or Object such as int, double, char, and others to a newly created String object. It returns the string representation of the argument passed.<br>


20. What are Intermediate and Terminal operations? <br>
Intermediate operations transform or filter elements in a stream, returning a new stream. Examples: filter, map, distinct, sorted, limit. Terminal operations produce a result or side effect, marking the end of a stream. Examples: forEach, collect, reduce, count, min, max, anyMatch, allMatch, noneMatch.<br>

21. What are the most commonly used Intermediate operations? <br>
```
    FlatMap
    Filter
    limit
    Skip
    Peek
    Distinct
    Sorted
```
<br>

22. What is the difference between findFirst() and findAny()? <br>
The findAny() method returns any element from a Stream, while the findFirst() method returns the first element in a Stream.<br>


23. How are Collections different from Stream?<br>
A collection is an in-memory data structure, which holds all the values that the data structure currently has—every element in the collection has to be computed before it can be added to the collection. In contrast, a stream is a conceptually fixed data structure in which elements are computed on demand.






