###1. create a file to list all of the annotaitons you learned and known, and explain the usage and how do you understand it. you need to update it when you learn a new annotation. Please organize those annotations well, like annotations used by entity, annotations used by controller.
####1. File name: annotations.md
####2. you'd better also list a code example under the annotations.
See annotations.md
###2. explain how the below annotaitons specify the table in database?
```
@Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'")
private String name;
@Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)
private String studentName;
```

1. @Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'):  
**@Column** is used to specify the mapping of a Java class field to a database column.  
**columnDefinition** is an optional attribute that allows you to define the exact SQL data type and additional column properties that should be used when creating the database column.  
In this case, the **columnDefinition** attribute specifies that the **name** field should be mapped to a VARCHAR column with a maximum length of 255 characters and a default value of 'John Snow'. This means that when the corresponding database table is generated, it will have a column named **name** with these properties.


2. @Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)  
   **@Column** is again used to specify the mapping of a Java class field to a database column.  
   **name** attribute specifies the name of the database column. In this case, the **studentName** field will be mapped to a column named **STUDENT_NAME**.  
   **length** attribute specifies the maximum length of the column. In this case, the maximum length of the **STUDENT_NAME** column is set to 50 characters.  
   **nullable** attribute specifies whether the column allows null values. Here, **nullable** is set to **false**, indicating that the **STUDENT_NAME** column cannot contain null values.  
   **unique** attribute specifies whether the column values must be unique across all rows. In this case, **unique** is set to **false**, indicating that duplicate values are allowed in the **STUDENT_NAME** column.  


###3. What is the default column names of the table in database for @Column ?
When you use the **@Column** annotation without specifying a name attribute, the default behavior is that the column name in the database will be derived from the name of the corresponding field in your Java class. Specifically, it will be in the same case as the field name.

**@Column private String firstName;**  
With this code, if you create a database table based on the entity class containing this field, the default column name for **firstName** will be **firstName**.  
**@Column private String operatingSystem;**  
Similarly, for this field, if you create a database table based on the entity class, the default column name for **operatingSystem** will be **operatingSystem**.  
So, when you don't explicitly specify a name attribute in the @Column annotation, the column name in the database will match the field name in your Java class by default.
###4. What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?
There are three main layers in a Spring Boot application:

* Presentation layer: This layer is responsible for interacting with the user. It typically consists of web pages, mobile apps, or other forms of user interface.
* Business layer: This layer contains the core business logic of the application. It is responsible for processing data and performing business operations.
* Persistence layer: This layer is responsible for storing and retrieving data from a database.


###5. Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.
The following diagram shows the flow of a typical Spring Boot application:

* The user sends a request to the presentation layer.
* The presentation layer forwards the request to the business layer.
* The business layer processes the request and performs any necessary business operations.
* The business layer interacts with the persistence layer to store and retrieve data.
* The business layer returns a response to the presentation layer.
* The presentation layer returns the response to the user.

When an API is called by Postman, the following steps occur:

* The user sends a request to the API using Postman.
* The API is implemented in the business layer of the Spring Boot application.
* The business layer processes the request and performs any necessary business operations.
* The business layer interacts with the persistence layer to store and retrieve data.
* The business layer returns a response to the API.
* The API returns the response to Postman.
* Postman displays the response to the user.

###6. What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml?
Application properties (application.properties or application.yml) are files that contain configuration settings for Spring Boot applications.

These files are typically located in the root directory of the application classpath. Application properties can be specified in either a .properties or .yml file. .properties files are a simple text format that stores key-value pairs. .yml files are a YAML file format that is more concise and easier to read. Spring Boot will automatically load application properties from the application.properties and application.yml files.

###7. Create a Project, name it with mongo-blog, write a POST API for mongo-blog, change database to MongoDB;
https://www.mongodb.com/compatibility/spring-boot