HW42
2.
The @Configuration annotation indicates that a class declares one or more @Bean methods and may be processed by the Spring container to generate bean definitions and service requests for those beans at runtime.
The @Bean annotation indicates that a method produces a bean to be managed by the Spring container.

3.
Handling Exceptions @ExceptionHandler
You can handle exceptions at the controller level using the @ExceptionHandler annotation. Methods annotated with @ExceptionHandler are designated to handle exceptions that occur within the controller in which the method is defined.

Global Exception Handling @ControllerAdvice
To handle exceptions globally across all controllers, you can use @ControllerAdvice. By annotating a class with @ControllerAdvice, any @ExceptionHandler, @InitBinder, or @ModelAttribute annotated methods within that class will apply to all controllers.

Implementing ErrorController
Implementing ErrorController and defining the “error” path allows to design error pages and handle exceptions in a centralized place.

4.
Validations works by using the the @Validated and @Valid annotations. The @Validated annotation is a class-level annotation that we can use to tell Spring to validate parameters that are passed into a method of the annotated class

@NotNull, @Null, @Size, @Min, @Max, @Email, @Valid

5.
Actuator is a sub-project of Spring Boot. It provides production-ready features to help you monitor and manage your application. When you run an application in a production environment, you often need features like health checks, metrics, access to logfiles, etc. Actuators provide these features for you, right out of the box, without requiring you to implement them yourself.

HW44

2.
The Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern is a software design pattern commonly used for developing user interfaces that divides the related program logic into three interconnected components. This is done to separate internal representations of information from the ways that information is presented and accepted by the user.

3.
The Front Controller design pattern is a software design pattern often used in web applications to provide a centralized point of control for managing requests. In the context of web applications, the Front Controller pattern is used to implement workflows and handle requests through a single handler, which may delegate responsibility to other handlers for further processing. It acts as an initial point of contact for handling a request.

4.
DispatcherServlet is a vital component in Spring MVC, a framework within the larger Spring Framework, used to build web applications in Java. It is an implementation of the Front Controller design pattern and acts as a centralized entry point to manage HTTP requests and responses.

How it works:
1. Tomcat receives the Http Request, the request is given to the DispatcherServlet to process the request.
2. DispatcherServlet takes the request and calls HandlerMapper. 3. 
3. HanlerMapper will find the corresponding Controller and corresponding method and return it to the dispactherServlet
4. dispatcherServlet will call the corresponding method of the controller, which will trigger a call service, repository and database. 
repository and database. 
5. Then the result (ModelAndView) is returned by the Controller. Generally, it returns the view name, a string
The result (ModelAndView) is then returned through the Controller.
6. dispatcerServlet takes the view name and calls view Resolver. 7. 
7. The View Resolver will help us find the view template, such as list-customers.jsp. 8.
8. At this point we have a view template, we also have a data model, then we can call View engine to help us put the data into view templates.
we put the data into the view templatel, and then converted to pure HTML
9. The HTML is the content of the front-end display, and ultimately returned to the browser.

5.
JSP (JavaServer Pages) is a server-side programming technology that enables the creation of dynamic, platform-independent method for building Web-based applications. JSP supports the embedding of Java directly into HTML pages. It also allows developers to create templates for dynamic web pages, with placeholders for content that can be inserted at request time.
ModelAndView is a part of the Spring Web module and used in Spring MVC (a part of Spring Framework designed to provide an MVC architecture). It is a holder for both Model and View in the web application.

6.
HttpServlet, GenericServlet, WebSocketServlet, Struts ActionServlet

7.
Apache, Tomcat, Jetty, JBoss EAP (Enterprise Application Platform),  Apache HTTP Server (or Apache), GlassFish
