## Homework 4.4

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**
<br/>

2. **What is MVC pattern?**
    - MVC(Model-View-Controller) is a software design pattern for implementing user interfaces on computers. It divides a given software application into three interconnected parts, so as to separate internal representations of information from the ways that information is presented to or accepted from the user.
    - Model: The model manages the behavior and data of the application domain, responds to requests for information about its state (usually from the view), and responds to instructions to change state (usually from the controller).
    - View: The view renders the model into a form suitable for interaction, typically a user interface element. Multiple views can exist for a single model for different purposes. A viewport typically has a one to one correspondence with a display surface and knows how to render to it.
    - Controller: The controller receives user input and initiates a response by making calls on model objects. A controller accepts input from the user and instructs the model and viewport to perform actions based on that input.
<br/>

3. **What is Front-Controller?**
    - Front Controller design pattern is used to provide a centralized request handling mechanism so that all requests will be handled by a single handler. This handler can do the authentication/ authorization/ logging or tracking of request and then pass the requests to corresponding handlers. Following are the entities of this type of design pattern.
        - Front Controller - Single handler for all kinds of requests coming to the application (either web based/ desktop based).
        - Dispatcher - Front Controller may use a dispatcher object which can dispatch the request to corresponding specific handler.
        - View - Views are the object for which the requests are made.
<br/>

4. **What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.**
    - DispatcherServlet is the front controller class to take all requests and start processing them. It is a single servlet that handles all the requests coming to the application. It has a list of handler mappings, and dispatcher servlet delegates the request to the specified controller based on the mappings.
    - The DispatcherServlet is tightly coupled with the Spring IoC container for configuring the web application beans. The DispatcherServlet creates the ApplicationContext object by reading the configuration file(such as applicationContext.xml) and uses the bean factory to get the required beans.
<br/>

5. **What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic knowlege)**
    - JSP(JavaServer Pages) is a technology that helps software developers create dynamically generated web pages based on HTML, XML, or other document types. JSP is similar to PHP and ASP, but it uses the Java programming language.
    - ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. Note that these are entirely distinct. This class merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value.
<br/>

6. **Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，知道servlet的名字就⾏)**
    - HttpServlet
    - GenericServlet
<br/>

7. **How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)**
    - Tomcat: Tomcat is an open-source web server and servlet container developed by the Apache Software Foundation (ASF). Tomcat implements several Java EE specifications including Java Servlet, JavaServer Pages (JSP), Java EL, and WebSocket, and provides a "pure Java" HTTP web server environment in which Java code can run.
    - Jetty: Jetty is a Java-based web server and servlet engine. It is used in a wide variety of projects and products, both in development and production. Jetty can be easily embedded in devices, tools, frameworks, application servers, and clusters. See the Jetty Powered page for more uses of Jetty.
    - Jboss: JBoss Application Server (or JBoss AS) is a free software/open-source Java EE-based application server. An important distinction for this class of software is that it not only implements a server that runs on Java, but it actually implements the Java EE part of Java. Because it is Java-based, the JBoss application server operates cross-platform: usable on any operating system that Java supports.
    - Others: Apache HTTP Server, Microsoft IIS, Nginx, etc.
<br/>

8. **clone this repo, and run it in you local.**