## Homework 4.6

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**
<br/>

2. **Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-intervie w-questions**
<br/>

3. **What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?**
    - AOP is a programming paradigm that aims to increase modularity by allowing the separation of cross-cutting concerns. It does so by adding additional behavior to existing code without modifying the code itself.
<br/>

4. **What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?**
    - advantages
        - It is easy to implement cross-cutting concerns with less code.
        - It is easy to maintain.
        - It is easy to test the application.
        - It is highly modular.
        - It is highly flexible.
    - disadvantages
        - Performance Overhead
        - Tight Coupling
        - Not suitable for complex logic
<br/>

5. **What is Aspect in Spring AOP?**
    - An aspect is a class that implements cross-cutting concerns. These aspects can be a normal class configured through XML or annotation.
    - For example, if you want to log the time taken by a method execution, you can create an aspect that will log the time before and after the method execution.
<br/>

6. **What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?**
    - Pointcut is a set of one or more joinpoints where an advice should be executed. You can specify pointcuts using expressions or patterns.
    - For example, if you want to log the time taken by all the methods in a class, you can create a pointcut that matches all the methods in a class.
<br/>

7. **What is the Join point in Spring AOP?**
    - A joinpoint is a point in the execution of the application where an aspect can be plugged in. You can also say, it is the actual place in the application where an action will be taken using Spring AOP framework.
    - For example, if you want to log the time taken by a method execution, the joinpoint is a method execution.
<br/>

8. **What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?**
    - Advice is an action taken by an aspect at a particular joinpoint. Different types of advice include "around," "before" and "after" advice. For example, if you want to log the time taken by a method execution, you can create an advice that logs the time before and after the method execution.
    - Types of Advice
        - Before Advice: Advice that executes before a join point, but which does not have the ability to prevent execution flow proceeding to the join point (unless it throws an exception).
        - After (finally) Advice: Advice to be executed regardless of the means by which a join point exits (normal or exceptional return).
        - After Returning Advice: Advice to be executed after a join point completes normally: for example, if a method returns without throwing an exception.
        - After Throwing Advice: Advice to be executed if a method exits by throwing an exception.
        - Around Advice: Advice that surrounds a join point such as a method invocation. This is the most powerful kind of advice. Around advice can perform custom behavior before and after the method invocation. It is also responsible for choosing whether to proceed to the join point or to shortcut the advised method execution by returning its own return value or throwing an exception.
<br/>

9. **Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview**
<br/>

10. **When to use Spring Batch?**
    - Spring Batch is a lightweight, comprehensive batch framework designed to enable the development of robust batch applications vital for the daily operations of enterprise systems.
    - When you want to process large amounts of data, Spring Batch is the best choice.
<br/>

11. **How Spring Batch works?**
    - Spring Batch works based on steps. Each step contains a reader, a processor, and a writer.
    - The reader reads the data from the data source, the processor processes the data, and the writer writes the data to the destination.
<br/>

12. **How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?**
    - We can schedule a Spring Batch Job using Spring Batch Admin.
    - Spring Batch Admin is a web application that provides a user interface for Spring Batch applications.
<br/>

13. **What is the cron expression?**
    - A cron expression is a string consisting of six or seven subexpressions (fields) that describe individual details of the schedule.
    - These fields, separated by white space, can contain any of the allowed values with various combinations of the allowed characters for that field.
    - The fields are as follows:
        - Second
        - Minute
        - Hour
        - Day of month
        - Month
        - Day(s) of week
        - Year (optional field)
<br/>

14. **What is the spring task?**
    - Spring provides abstractions for asynchronous execution and scheduling of tasks with the TaskExecutor and TaskScheduler interfaces, respectively.
    - The TaskExecutor interface is the central abstraction in the Spring asynchronous execution subsystem.
    - It provides an abstraction of the asynchronous execution behavior that is not tied to a particular threading model or specification.
<br/>

15. **When to use Spring task?**
    - Spring task is used when we want to execute a task asynchronously.
    - For example, if we want to send an email to the user after the user registration, we can use Spring task to send the email asynchronously.
<br/>

16. **What is Filter and any filter example?**
    - A filter is an object that performs filtering tasks on either the request to a resource (a servlet or static content), or on the response from a resource, or both.
    - Filter example
        - Authentication filter
        - Logging filter
        - Image conversion filter
<br/>

17. **What is the Interceptor? What we can do with interceptor?**
    - Interceptor is similar to Filter, but it is used for Spring MVC applications.
    - Interceptor is used to perform operations on the request before and after the request is processed by the controller.
    - We can use interceptor to perform operations like logging, authentication, etc.
<br/>

18. **In Interceptor, What is preHandle? What is postHandle**
    - preHandle: This method is called before the request is processed by the controller.
    - postHandle: This method is called after the request is processed by the controller.
<br/>  

19. **What is Swagger?**
    - Swagger is a set of open-source tools built around the OpenAPI Specification that can help you design, build, document and consume REST APIs.
<br/>

