## Homework 4.3

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**
<br/>

2. **What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?**
    - Spring is a framework that provides a comprehensive programming and configuration model for modern Java-based enterprise applications - on any kind of deployment platform. A key element of Spring is infrastructural support at the application level: Spring focuses on the "plumbing" of enterprise applications so that teams can focus on application-level business logic, without unnecessary ties to specific deployment environments.
    - Springboot is a framework that provides a simpler and faster way to set up, configure, and run both simple and web-based applications. It is a pre-configured framework that allows developers to build applications faster without having to worry about configuring the application. It is a convention over configuration approach to developing Spring applications.
    - Benefits:
        - faster development
        - less configuration
        - embedded servers
        - easier deployment
        - production-ready features
        - less code and annotations
<br/>

3. **What is IOC and What is DI?**
    - IOC(Inversion of Control) is a principle in software engineering by which the control of objects or portions of a program is transferred to a container or framework. It's a process in which an object defines its dependencies without creating them. It's the runtime framework that injects the dependency.
    - DI(Dependency Injection) is a design pattern that removes the dependency from the programming code so that it can be easy to manage and test the application. It's a design pattern that implements IOC principle.
<br/>

4. **What is `@CompnonentScan`?**
    - `@ComponentScan` is used to scan for annotated components. If specific packages are not defined, scanning will occur from the package of the class that declares this annotation.
<br/>

5. **How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?**
    - In xml, we can use `<context:component-scan base-package="com.example.demo" />` to define which package spring need to scan.
    - In annotation, we can use `@ComponentScan(basePackages = "com.example.demo")` to define which package spring need to scan.
<br/>

6. **What is `@SpringbootApplication?`**
    - `@SpringbootApplication` is a convenience annotation that adds all of the following:
        - `@Configuration`: Tags the class as a source of bean definitions for the application context.
        - `@EnableAutoConfiguration`: Tells Spring Boot to start adding beans based on classpath settings, other beans, and various property settings.
        - `@ComponentScan`: Tells Spring to look for other components, configurations, and services in the com/example package, letting it find the controllers.
        - `@SpringBootConfiguration`: This is a class-level annotation that is used to mark the configuration class that declares one or more `@Bean` methods and also triggers auto-configuration and component scanning.
<br/>

7. **How many ways we can define a bean?**
    - Common beans:
        - `@Service`
        - `@Repository`
        - `@Controller`
    - User defined beans:
        - `@Bean`
        - `@Component`
        - `@Configuration`
        - `@ComponentScan`
<br/>

8. **What is default bean name for `@Component` and `@Bean`?**
    - For `@Component`, the default bean name is the class name with the first letter lowercased.
    - For `@Bean`, the default bean name is the method name.
<br/>

9. **What is the difference between `@component` and `@service`,`@repository`?**
    - `@Component` is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component.
    - `@Service` annotates classes at the service layer.
    - `@Repository` annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.
<br/>

10. **How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?**
    - `@Autowired`
    - `@Resource`
    - `@Inject` (Java)
<br/>

11. **Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?**
    - Constructor injection (recommended)
    - Setter injection (not recommended)
    - Field injection (not recommended)
    - Constructor injection is better because it can make the class immutable and it can be used to implement mandatory dependencies.
<br/>

12. **If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay**
    - For `@Autowired`:
        - Priority: @Qualifier > @Primary > By Name > throw exception(NoUniqueBeanDefinitionException)
    - For `@Resource`:
        - Priority: By Name > By Type > throw exception(NoSuchBeanDefinitionException)
<br/>

13. **What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?**
    - BeanFactory is the root interface for accessing the Spring container. It provides the configuration framework and basic functionality, and is extensible to allow integration with other frameworks.
    - ApplicationContext extends BeanFactory. It adds:
        - Easier integration with Spring's AOP features
        - Message resource handling (for use in internationalization)
        - Event publication
        - Application-layer specific contexts such as the WebApplicationContext for use in web applications.
<br/>

14. **What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.**
    - Scope refers to the lifecycle of a bean. It tells how long an instance of a bean will live, and how many instances will be created.
    - Spring supports the following five scopes:
        - Singleton: Only one instance of the bean will be created for each container. This is the default scope for the spring beans. While using this scope, make sure bean doesn't have shared instance variables otherwise it might lead to data inconsistency issues.
        - Prototype: A new instance will be created every time the bean is requested.
        - Request: This is same as prototype scope, however it's meant to be used for web applications. A new instance of the bean will be created for each HTTP request.
        - Session: A new bean will be created for each HTTP session by the container.
        - Application: This is same as session scope, however it's meant to be used for portlet applications. A new instance of the bean will be created for each portlet application.
        - Websocket: This is same as session scope, however it's meant to be used for websocket applications. A new instance of the bean will be created for each websocket connection.
<br/>

15. **Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)**

    ```xml
    <bean id="customer" class="com.tutorialspoint.Customer">
        <property name="name" value="John"/>
        <property name="age" value="20"/>
    </bean>
    ```


