## Homework 4.0

1. **create a file to list all of the annotaitons you learned and known, and explain the usage and how do you understand it. you need to update it when you learn a new annotation. Please organize those annotations well, like annotations used by entity, annotations used by controller.**

    - listed in [annotations.md](annotations.md)
<br/>

2. **explain how the below annotaitons specify the table in database?**
    
    ```
    @Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'")
    private String name;
    @Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)
    private String studentName;
    ```
    - `@Column`: define the name/StudnetName columns in the database table.
    - `columnDefinition`: define the column type (varchar) and default value (John Snow).
    - `name`: define the column name in the database table, if not defined, the underscore version of the field name will be used.
    - `length`: define the length of the column
    - `nullable`: define if the column value can be null (or not)
    - `unique`: define if the column values are unique (or not)
<br/>

3. **What is the default column names of the table in database for `@Column`**
    - FIRST_NAME
    - OPERATING_SYSTEM
<br/>

4. **What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?**
    - Controller: requests handling.
    - Service: handle the business logic between controller and database entity.
    - Repository: access the database and return the data to the service.
    - Entity: define the database table and columns.
    - DTO: define the data transfer object.
    - Utils: define the utility classes.
<br/>

5. **Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.**
    - API call from Postman -> Controller -> Service -> DTO -> Entity -> Repository -> Entity -> DTO -> Service -> Controller -> API response to Postman.
<br/>

6. **What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml?**
    - application.properties: a file to define the application properties, such as database connection, server port, etc.
    - application.yml: a similar file to application.properties, but with YAML format.
<br/>

7. **Create a Project, name it with mongo-blog, write a POST API for mongo-blog, change database to MongoDB**
    - see [mongo-blog](../Coding/)