## Homework 4.5

1. **List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**
<br/>

2. **What is the authentication?**
    - Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user or process. Authentication is commonly performed by submitting a user name or ID and one or more items of private information that only a given user should know.
    - It's like entering gatecode to enter a building
<br/>

3. **What is the authorization?**
    - Authorization is the process of giving someone permission to do or have something. In multi-user computer systems, a system administrator defines for the system which users are allowed access to the system and what privileges of use (such as access to which file directories, hours of access, amount of allocated storage space, and so forth).
    - It's like entering the CEO's office in a building, you need to have the title's permission to enter the office
<br/>

4. **What is the difference between authentication and authorization?**
    - Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user or process. Authorization is the process of giving someone permission to do or have something.
    - Authentication is like entering gatecode to enter a building. Authorization is like entering the CEO's office in a building, you need to have the title's permission to enter the office
<br/>

5. **What is HTTP Session?**
    - HTTP Session is a mechanism that allows information to be persisted across multiple requests from the same client. It is a way to identify the user across multiple page requests or visits to a Web site.
    - It's like a user's ID, which is used to identify the user, stored in the server
<br/>

6. **What is Cookie?**
    - A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember stateful information or to record the user's browsing activity.
    - It's like a user's ID, which is used to identify the user, stored in the client
<br/>

7. **What is the difference between Session and Cookie?**
    - Session is stored in the server, cookie is stored in the client
    - Session is more secure than cookie
<br/>

8. **How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application?**
    - We can use session to store user information in the server, and use cookie to store the session ID in the client
    - When the client sends a request, the server can use the session ID in the cookie to find the session in the server, and get the user information from the session
    - When the server sends a response, the server can set the session ID in the cookie to the client
    - In this way, the user information can be kept across the application
<br/>

9. **What is JWT?**
    - JWT is a compact, URL-safe means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties. The claims in a JWT are encoded as a JSON object that is used as the payload of a JSON Web Signature (JWS) structure or as the plaintext of a JSON Web Encryption (JWE) structure, enabling the claims to be digitally signed or integrity protected with a Message Authentication Code (MAC) and/or encrypted.
    - Json Web Token consists of three parts: header, payload, and signature
<br/>

10. **What is the spring security filter?**
    - Spring Security Filter is a filter that intercepts the request and response, and performs authentication and authorization
<br/>

11. **decribe how do JWT work**
    - When the client sends a request, the server will check if the request contains a JWT token
    - Once the user is logged in, each subsequent request will include the JWT, allowing the user to access resources that are permitted with that token. 
    - The user can log out by deleting the JWT token
    - The server can also set the expiration time of the JWT token
<br/>

12. **Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?**
    - Yes, encoder is needed (required) to encode password for security
<br/>

13. **What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?**
    - UserDetailService is an interface that is used to retrieve user-related data. It has one method: loadUserByUsername(String username)
    - AuthenticationProvider is an interface that defines a single method authenticate() that receives an Authentication object as a parameter. It is used to authenticate a user
    - AuthenticationManager is an interface that has one method: authenticate(Authentication authentication). It is used to authenticate a user
    - AuthenticationFilter is a filter that intercepts the request and response, and performs authentication and authorization
<br/>

14. **What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?**
    - The disadvantage of Session is that it is stored in the server, which means that the server needs to store the session for each user, which will take up a lot of memory
    - We can use JWT to overcome the disadvantage
<br/>

15. **how to get value from application.properties?**
    - We can use @Value annotation to get value from application.properties
    - We can also use @ConfigurationProperties annotation to get value from application.properties
<br/>

16. **What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?**
    - configure(HttpSecurity http) is used to configure the security of the application
    - configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) is used to configure the authentication of the application
<br/>

17. **What is Spring security authentication and authorization?**
    - Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user or process. Authorization is the process of giving someone permission to do or have something.
    - Spring security authentication and authorization is the process of verifying the identity of a user or process, and giving someone permission to do or have something.
<br/>

18. **(Optional)**
    