1.  List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.
2.  how do you do the debug?
    
    > Find the exception code and problem in the terminal, and go to google, stackoverflow and ai. 
    > Add break point and run the debug mode. 

3.  What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO, model?

    > DTO (Data Transfer Object): a communication object between frontend to backend, and from Controller to Service. 
    > VO (Value Object): object hold values such as Integer, Date. It should become entirely immutable. 
    > Payload: data sent from client to server in a request. In general speaking, it is the message. 
    > DO (Domain Object): Domain Object is a general object include DTO and DAO to represent object in the domain which represent business or functionality.  
    > model: the most general idea of object. 

4.  What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds") (不会的话，课上问)?

    > To map the Json's "description_yyds" into the value. 

5.  do you know what is jackson? 
   ```Java 
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>
      <artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>
      <version>2.13.3</version>
      <scope>compile</scope>
    </dependency>
   ```
   > A package for Java to map the json to data we want. 

6.  What is spring-boot-stater
    a. what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starte

    > Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom. xml. There are around 50+ Spring Boot Starters for different Spring and related technologies. 
    > spring-boot-starter: core starter, with auto-configuration support, logging, and YAML 
    > spring-boot-starter-activemq: starter for JMS messaging using Apache ActiveMQ 

7.  do you know  `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)` ? could you list CRUD by this style? 

    > Same as `@PostMapping`
    > `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)`
    > `@RequestMapping(value="/users/{id}",method = RequestMethod.PUT)`
    > `@RequestMapping(value="/users/{id}",method = RequestMethod.GET)`
    > `@RequestMapping(value="/users/{id}",method = RequestMethod.DELETE)`

8.  What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
    ```Java 
    new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.OK);
    new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, 
    HttpStatus.CREATED);
    ResponseEntity.ok(postService.getPostById(id));
    ```
    > To return the result from server to client which can include statuscode, headers, and body. 

9.  What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC

    > It is one of the core components of the JDBC Framework. ResultSet Object is used to access query results retrieved from the relational databases.
    > Write query, use the connection to connect the jdbc and write run the query, and get ResultSet as the result. 

10. What is the ORM framework

    > ORM - Object Relatinal Mapping Database tools. Make a bridge from OOP to Relational Mapping Database. 

11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this examp
    ```Java 
    FoodOutlet foodOutlet = objectMapper.readValue(resBody, FoodOutlet.class);
    String s = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(foodOutlet);
    objectMapper.readTree() // learn how to use it?
    ```
    Write JSON to a class. 
    `readTree` which you cannot sure which kind of object it is. 

12. What is serialization and desrialization? 

    > serialization: make object to byteStream
    > deserialization: make byteStream to object. 

13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24]

    > `stream().mapToDouble(o->o).average()`

14. 抄写。 

    > Done. In Coding/Redbook